nBC has just brought us a new konstantin
television show so aren't you a tad bit
curious as to where this character got
his starts in the comic books well it's
time for a new year universe about John
Constantine and I'm gonna warn you the
show seems to be following the plot for
the book so if you don't want to know
what the show is gonna potentially go
you might not want to watch this video
but if you're still here let's go ahead
and get to it John was born on May 10th
1953 and while giving birth to him and
his twin brother his mother died and his
twin brother was stillborn his father
would then blame him for his mother's
death and the two of them would grow to
hate each other John would then learn
that his bloodline was that on the
Laughing magicians legendary mages who
had the power to Bluff and trick the
gods because his family is from this
line of magic John began to learn how to
use magical abilities and one of his
first acts of magic was actually to lock
away his childhood innocence so that it
wouldn't bog him down later in the 60s
he ran from home after watching a curse
and turning his father into a withered
frail man and he would eventually end up
living in London and rooming with his
closest and longest surviving friend
Chas and the 1970s he traveled around
getting involved in more occult
activities hoping to haunt his skills
and he eventually built a relationship
with a female magician named Zatanna
Zatara but that's not one of the only
things that he became obsessed with as
punk-rock entered his life and he began
to call himself Johnny con job and he
led a band named the mucous membrane I'm
not even making this stuff up guys while
on tour with mucous membrane he got his
first taste of being a hero when he
interrupted a magical orgy that went
wrong and he stumbled across the
aftermath an abuse child named Astra
this child had summoned a demon to take
revenge on the adults who had harmed her
but the demon wouldn't leave in order to
fight against his first demon John
convinced his van mucous membrane to
summon their own demon to combat it but
the demon they summoned wasn't under
their control
after a defeated Astra's monster the
demon instead tormented John's friends
and it took the girl to hell with him
and this haunted John for years he would
end up in Raven's claw Asylum to cope
with what he had done and eventually he
would be strong enough to free her and
the other children that the demon was
keeping John's next big adventure
vaulted meeting up a Swamp Thing and the
two of them became a sort of team John
acted at Swamp things boy's protector
and guide and he even taught Swamp Thing
how to amplify his powers and allowed
Swamp Thing to use his body in order to
father a child named TP eventually they
would also part ways and John would
contract lung cancer not having much to
live for he actually saved a friend from
selling his soul by tricking the demon
no one has the first into drinking holy
water once the demon drank the holy
water he ran into a problem where he was
d powered and unable to collect the soul
at the time of collection for costing
him a soul the first told Constantine
that he would make him suffer eternal
torment once he died so John hatched a
plan to save himself and secretly sold
his soul to two other demons in Hell
once the demons realized what he had
done they realized that he couldn't die
because there would be an all-out war in
hell over John Constantine's soul so
they decided to cure John of his cancer
so that he wouldn't eventually die this
greatly irritated the first and he
hatched a plan to act his vengeance on
John
well John still managed to defend
himself though he lost many of his
friends in the final battle things get
even crazier at this point and it
involved more of John's friends leaving
and eventually he has to actually
blackmail God into keeping his own soul
out of hell the next adventure that he
goes on a balls him striking a deal with
a demon who used him to father three
demon children the three children killed
everyone that he knew and even killed
his own sister Sharell so John goes into
the very depths of hell to get Sheryl
back but in the end he fails as the
first struck a deal with Sheryl you see
the first had tricked Cheryl's husband
into killing her and since her husband
killed an innocent he was damned to hell
twice the first deal with Sheryl was
that if she stayed in hell willingly she
would take half the load off of her
husband the first then gloated over
Constantine as he was sent back to the
mortal plane with his sister damned in
hell what happens next is unsettling as
John ends up back in Ravens qua xylem
which is the location he ended up after
losing the child to the first earlier in
his career well he finds out that his
soul is actually tied to the soul of his
twin brother who was stillborn at birth
his brother was supposed to be the
descendant of the Laughing magicians but
John in the womb
wrangled his brother with the umbilical
cord so his brothers been trying to take
control of John's life and every time
that he tried to take control it caused
all the bad things in John's life to
happen the cancer his friends dying his
failed relationships all of it is his
unborn brother's fault
so John severed the tie to his brother's
soul that he had he took control of his
life finally time would go on a John
would eventually faked his own death so
that he could vanish and keep a low
profile so he could avoid harming those
close to him then BOOM all the DC
publication lines were merged into one
we had a John Constantine in the
mainstream DC books with the new 52
launched John Constantine got a slight
rewrite his first magical spell cost the
life of both of his parents and he
burned his own house down he's also a
part of the Justice League dark now
along with Satana and it's been implied
that along with Nick necro there was a
bit of a love triangle between them now
one interesting thing to note about John
Constantine is that he is one of the
only characters who aged in real time
before the new 52 launched I believe he
was around the late 50s early 60s and as
for his powers it's all dark occult
magic now for his appearances he had a
2005 movie starring Keanu Reeves about
him and as many of you know NBC has just
started up their weekly television show
and that is a quick gist of the
Hellblazer series that John Constantine
started before coming to the new 52 and
what it appears to be that NBC is
copying right about now now if you want
my opinion about the new show I actually
really enjoyed the pilot and I'm kind of
excited to see what this show is gonna
go but let me know in the comments down
below what you thought on the pilot and
what you think of John Constantine are
you an old-school John Constantine fan
and you're upset about the new 52
relaunch and you don't want to see this
MPC show ruin him
or are you excited to see the direction
that they're gonna take this character
I'm Benny for comic story and if you
enjoyed this video please like favorite
share this video and I'll see you next
time right here
alright guys is Benny enough standing
here with Enrica and she wants to tell
you about her book so what is the Killer
Queen about Killer Queen is a collection
of original comics inspired by the band
Queen 40 article boom The Music Man okay
Freddie Mercury and the whole guy a 40
artists reminders were challenged to
take their favorite cream track and
create an original comic inspired by the
music programs we've got again 40
beautiful artists and writers in this
lovely one okay
is it a consistent story or is it
individual short stories all individual
stories individual completely original
work okay well thank you for your time
and we'll be hitting the next booth now